docs: improve readme (#20)
eduNEXT/frontend-app-validation-panel: README.rst

frontend-app-validation-panel
#############################

|license-badge| |status-badge| |ci-badge| |codecov-badge|

Purpose
***************

> The Validation Panel is a micro-frontend (MFE) that empowers course authors to initiate validation processes for the courses they intend to publish on the platform. These processes are routed to validator bodies for a thorough course review, feedback, and determination of approval or disapproval. This MFE offers a user-friendly interface, streamlining the course validation process for both authors and validators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Validation Panel is a micro-frontend (MFE) that enables course authors to initiate validation processes for the courses they intend to publish on the platform. These processes are routed to validators for a thorough review, feedback, and determination of approval or disapproval. This MFE offers a user-friendly interface, streamlining the course validation process for both authors and validators.

This application was designed for UNESCO's Open edX instance and depends on the Platform Global Teacher Campus Plugin*
```

\* Should be linked to the backend https://github.com/eduNEXT/platform-global-teacher-campus/tree/main#platform-global-teacher-campus-plugin

Reviewer 2: I agree with this suggestion.

    
	* By default, the app runs on `http://localhost:2001/validation_panel`, overriding the port used by the course-authoring MFE, unless otherwise specified in ``.env.development:PORT`` and ``.env.development:LMS_BASE_URL``.

5. Start the development server:

.. code-block::

	npm start

7. Next, enable the Validation Panel micro-frontend in `edx-platform` to make requests, adding the path to the Validation Panel app in `edx-platform`:
	* Go to your environment settings (e.g. `edx-platform/lms/envs/private.py`)
	* Add the environment variable, ``VALIDATION_PANEL_MICROFRONTEND_URL`` pointing to the Validation Panel App location considering the `PORT` determined in ``.env.development:PORT`` (e.g. ``http://localhost:2001``).

8. Restart the ``edx-platform`` ``lms`` by running the following command:
    
.. code-block::

    make dev.restart-container

Deployment
============
This component follows the standard deploy process for MFEs. For details, see
the `MFE production deployment guide`_

Now, if you prefer to use Tutor, you will need to create an image containing the new MFE. With this in mind, you have to execute the following steps:

> 1. Declare the new MFE adding the following code in your config.yml

Reviewer: take in mind https://discuss.openedx.org/t/config-tutor-mfe/10152/7?u=dcoa and https://github.com/overhangio/tutor-mfe/tree/v16.1.1#adding-new-mfes

Reviewer: Just this small change and I think the PR is ready for merge

Author: I already added not only how to declare the MFE with the command line, but also a link to the tutor-mfe documentation where the process is better explained. I'm pending if it's necessary any other change

Thank you for your feedback c:
